I need help fixing a pnpm lockfile / overrides mismatch that I can’t resolve from this Replit environment.

Context (important):

Project: Quest app workspace, using pnpm and pnpm-workspace.yaml.

Railway build runs: pnpm install --frozen-lockfile --prefer-offline and fails with:
ERR_PNPM_LOCKFILE_CONFIG_MISMATCH Cannot proceed with the frozen installation. The current "overrides" configuration doesn't match the value found in the lockfile.

Railway is using pnpm 9.15.9.

In Replit, when I run:

bash
rm -rf node_modules pnpm-lock.yaml
pnpm install
pnpm immediately tries to run:
pnpm add pnpm@9.15.9 ... (Corepack/pnpm bootstrap)
and either hangs or I have to Ctrl+C. It never actually finishes a clean pnpm install, and git status continues to show nothing to commit, working tree clean (no new pnpm-lock.yaml gets generated).

So:

Railway is stuck because it wants the lockfile to match the overrides.

Replit is stuck because the pnpm 9.15.9 bootstrap is failing before it can regenerate the lockfile.

Please:

Inspect pnpm-workspace.yaml and pnpm-lock.yaml in this repo and tell me exactly which overrides are mismatched.

Propose a minimal, concrete change I can make in the repo to fix this for Railway without relying on a full pnpm/Corepack bootstrap in Replit (for example, adjusting or removing specific overrides, or editing the lockfile by hand in a safe, targeted way).

Give me the exact file edits (paths and code blocks) and the exact git commands to run afterward.

Constraints:

Do not tell me just to “run pnpm install again” or “regenerate the lockfile from scratch” — that’s what keeps failing in this Replit environment.

Focus on changes I can make by editing files (pnpm-workspace.yaml, pnpm-lock.yaml, package.json) and committing them.

Keep your answer to specific steps and code snippets I can copy-paste.

Goal:
Make Railway’s pnpm install --frozen-lockfile succeed by getting the overrides and lockfile back into sync, using only repo edits + git commits from inside Replit.